NAME                                                                          VERSION                                   TYPE                      
adduser                                                                       3.137ubuntu1                              deb                        
adwaita-icon-theme                                                            46.0-1                                    deb                        
apt                                                                           2.8.3                                     deb                        
apt-transport-https                                                           2.8.3                                     deb                        
apt-utils                                                                     2.8.3                                     deb                        
at-spi2-common                                                                2.52.0-1build1                            deb                        
base-files                                                                    13ubuntu10.3                              deb                        
base-passwd                                                                   3.6.3build1                               deb                        
bash                                                                          5.2.21-2ubuntu4                           deb                        
blinker                                                                       1.7.0                                     python                     
bsdextrautils                                                                 2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                         deb                        
bsdutils                                                                      1:2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                       deb                        
ca-certificates                                                               20240203                                  deb                        
catatonit                                                                     0.1.7-1                                   deb                        
coreutils                                                                     9.4-3ubuntu6.1                            deb                        
cpp                                                                           4:13.2.0-7ubuntu1                         deb                        
cpp-13                                                                        13.3.0-6ubuntu2~24.04                     deb                        
cpp-13-x86-64-linux-gnu                                                       13.3.0-6ubuntu2~24.04                     deb                        
cpp-x86-64-linux-gnu                                                          4:13.2.0-7ubuntu1                         deb                        
cron                                                                          3.0pl1-184ubuntu2                         deb                        
cron-daemon-common                                                            3.0pl1-184ubuntu2                         deb                        
cryptography                                                                  41.0.7                                    python     (+1 duplicate)  
curl                                                                          8.5.0-2ubuntu10.6                         deb                        
dash                                                                          0.5.12-6ubuntu5                           deb                        
dbus                                                                          1.14.10-4ubuntu4.1                        deb                        
dbus-bin                                                                      1.14.10-4ubuntu4.1                        deb                        
dbus-daemon                                                                   1.14.10-4ubuntu4.1                        deb                        
dbus-python                                                                   1.3.2                                     python                     
dbus-session-bus-common                                                       1.14.10-4ubuntu4.1                        deb                        
dbus-system-bus-common                                                        1.14.10-4ubuntu4.1                        deb                        
dbus-user-session                                                             1.14.10-4ubuntu4.1                        deb                        
dbus-x11                                                                      1.14.10-4ubuntu4.1                        deb                        
dconf-gsettings-backend                                                       0.40.0-4ubuntu0.1                         deb                        
dconf-service                                                                 0.40.0-4ubuntu0.1                         deb                        
debconf                                                                       1.5.86ubuntu1                             deb                        
debianutils                                                                   5.17build1                                deb                        
desktop-file-utils                                                            0.27-2build1                              deb                        
dictionaries-common                                                           1.29.7                                    deb                        
diffutils                                                                     1:3.10-1build1                            deb                        
dirmngr                                                                       2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                         deb                        
distro                                                                        1.9.0                                     python                     
distro-info-data                                                              0.60ubuntu0.3                             deb                        
docker-ce-cli                                                                 5:28.4.0-1~ubuntu.24.04~noble             deb                        
docker-compose-plugin                                                         2.39.4-0~ubuntu.24.04~noble               deb                        
dpkg                                                                          1.22.6ubuntu6.1                           deb                        
e2fsprogs                                                                     1.47.0-2.4~exp1ubuntu4.1                  deb                        
elementary-xfce-icon-theme                                                    0.19-1                                    deb                        
emacsen-common                                                                3.0.5                                     deb                        
exo-utils                                                                     4.18.0-1build4                            deb                        
findutils                                                                     4.9.0-5build1                             deb                        
firefox                                                                       143.0+build1-0ubuntu0.24.04.1~mt1         deb                        
fontconfig                                                                    2.15.0-1.1ubuntu2                         deb                        
fontconfig-config                                                             2.15.0-1.1ubuntu2                         deb                        
fonts-noto-color-emoji                                                        2.047-0ubuntu0.24.04.1                    deb                        
fonts-noto-core                                                               20201225-2                                deb                        
fonts-noto-mono                                                               20201225-2                                deb                        
fonts-ubuntu                                                                  0.869+git20240321-0ubuntu1                deb                        
fonts-urw-base35                                                              20200910-8                                deb                        
gawk                                                                          1:5.2.1-2build3                           deb                        
gcc-13-base                                                                   13.3.0-6ubuntu2~24.04                     deb                        
gcc-14-base                                                                   14.2.0-4ubuntu2~24.04                     deb                        
gir1.2-girepository-2.0                                                       1.80.1-1                                  deb                        
gir1.2-glib-2.0                                                               2.80.0-6ubuntu3.4                         deb                        
gir1.2-packagekitglib-1.0                                                     1.2.8-2ubuntu1.2                          deb                        
github.com/AlecAivazis/survey/v2                                              v2.3.7                                    go-module                  
github.com/DefangLabs/secret-detector                                         v0.0.0-20250403165618-22662109213e        go-module                  
github.com/Masterminds/semver/v3                                              v3.4.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/acarl005/stripansi                                                 v0.0.0-20180116102854-5a71ef0e047d        go-module                  
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v15                                      v15.0.0                                   go-module                  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2                                                  v1.30.3                                   go-module                  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/config                                           v1.27.27                                  go-module                  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/credentials                                      v1.17.27                                  go-module                  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/feature/ec2/imds                                 v1.16.11                                  go-module                  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/configsources                           v1.3.15                                   go-module                  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/endpoints/v2                            v2.6.15                                   go-module                  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/ini                                     v1.8.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/internal/accept-encoding                 v1.11.3                                   go-module                  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/internal/presigned-url                   v1.11.17                                  go-module                  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sso                                      v1.22.4                                   go-module                  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/ssooidc                                  v1.26.4                                   go-module                  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sts                                      v1.30.3                                   go-module                  
github.com/aws/smithy-go                                                      v1.20.3                                   go-module                  
github.com/beorn7/perks                                                       v1.0.1                                    go-module                  
github.com/buger/goterm                                                       v1.0.4                                    go-module                  
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                v4.3.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                                  v2.3.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/compose-spec/compose-go/v2                                         v2.9.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/containerd/console                                                 v1.0.5                                    go-module                  
github.com/containerd/containerd/api                                          v1.9.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/containerd/containerd/v2                                           v2.1.4                                    go-module                  
github.com/containerd/continuity                                              v0.4.5                                    go-module                  
github.com/containerd/errdefs                                                 v1.0.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/containerd/errdefs/pkg                                             v0.3.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/containerd/log                                                     v0.1.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/containerd/platforms                                               v1.0.0-rc.1                               go-module                  
github.com/containerd/ttrpc                                                   v1.2.7                                    go-module                  
github.com/containerd/typeurl/v2                                              v2.2.3                                    go-module                  
github.com/davecgh/go-spew                                                    v1.1.1                                    go-module                  
github.com/distribution/reference                                             v0.6.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/docker/buildx                                                      v0.28.0                                   go-module                  
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v28.4.0+incompatible                      go-module                  
github.com/docker/cli-docs-tool                                               v0.10.0                                   go-module                  
github.com/docker/cli/cmd/docker                                              UNKNOWN                                   go-module                  
github.com/docker/compose/v2                                                  v0.0.0-20250919083120-a32dc3da722e        go-module                  
github.com/docker/distribution                                                v2.8.3+incompatible                       go-module                  
github.com/docker/docker                                                      v28.4.0+incompatible                      go-module                  
github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers                                   v0.9.3                                    go-module                  
github.com/docker/go                                                          v1.5.1-1.0.20160303222718-d30aec9fd63c    go-module                  
github.com/docker/go-connections                                              v0.6.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/docker/go-metrics                                                  v0.0.1                                    go-module                  
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.5.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/eiannone/keyboard                                                  v0.0.0-20220611211555-0d226195f203        go-module                  
github.com/emicklei/go-restful/v3                                             v3.11.0                                   go-module                  
github.com/felixge/httpsnoop                                                  v1.0.4                                    go-module                  
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                 v1.1.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/fxamacker/cbor/v2                                                  v2.7.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.4.3                                    go-module                  
github.com/go-logr/stdr                                                       v1.2.2                                    go-module                  
github.com/go-openapi/jsonpointer                                             v0.21.0                                   go-module                  
github.com/go-openapi/jsonreference                                           v0.20.2                                   go-module                  
github.com/go-openapi/swag                                                    v0.23.0                                   go-module                  
github.com/go-viper/mapstructure/v2                                           v2.4.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/gofrs/flock                                                        v0.12.1                                   go-module                  
github.com/gogo/protobuf                                                      v1.3.2                                    go-module                  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v5                                                  v5.2.2                                    go-module                  
github.com/golang/protobuf                                                    v1.5.4                                    go-module                  
github.com/google/gnostic-models                                              v0.6.8                                    go-module                  
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.7.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/google/gofuzz                                                      v1.2.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/google/shlex                                                       v0.0.0-20191202100458-e7afc7fbc510        go-module                  
github.com/google/uuid                                                        v1.6.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/gorilla/mux                                                        v1.8.1                                    go-module                  
github.com/gorilla/websocket                                                  v1.5.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2                                     v2.26.1                                   go-module                  
github.com/hashicorp/errwrap                                                  v1.1.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp                                             v0.5.2                                    go-module                  
github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror                                            v1.1.1                                    go-module                  
github.com/hashicorp/go-version                                               v1.7.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/in-toto/in-toto-golang                                             v0.9.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/inhies/go-bytesize                                                 v0.0.0-20220417184213-4913239db9cf        go-module                  
github.com/jonboulle/clockwork                                                v0.5.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/josharian/intern                                                   v1.0.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/json-iterator/go                                                   v1.1.12                                   go-module                  
github.com/kballard/go-shellquote                                             v0.0.0-20180428030007-95032a82bc51        go-module                  
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.18.0                                   go-module                  
github.com/mailru/easyjson                                                    v0.7.7                                    go-module                  
github.com/mattn/go-colorable                                                 v0.1.13                                   go-module                  
github.com/mattn/go-isatty                                                    v0.0.20                                   go-module                  
github.com/mattn/go-runewidth                                                 v0.0.16                                   go-module                  
github.com/mattn/go-shellwords                                                v1.0.12                                   go-module                  
github.com/mgutz/ansi                                                         v0.0.0-20170206155736-9520e82c474b        go-module                  
github.com/mitchellh/hashstructure/v2                                         v2.0.2                                    go-module                  
github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure                                             v1.5.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                      v0.24.0                                   go-module                  
github.com/moby/docker-image-spec                                             v1.3.1                                    go-module                  
github.com/moby/go-archive                                                    v0.1.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/moby/locker                                                        v1.0.1                                    go-module                  
github.com/moby/patternmatcher                                                v0.6.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/moby/spdystream                                                    v0.5.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/moby/sys/atomicwriter                                              v0.1.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/moby/sys/capability                                                v0.4.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.7.2                                    go-module                  
github.com/moby/sys/sequential                                                v0.6.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/moby/sys/signal                                                    v0.7.1                                    go-module                  
github.com/moby/sys/symlink                                                   v0.3.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/moby/sys/user                                                      v0.4.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/moby/sys/userns                                                    v0.1.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/moby/term                                                          v0.5.2                                    go-module                  
github.com/modern-go/concurrent                                               v0.0.0-20180306012644-bacd9c7ef1dd        go-module                  
github.com/modern-go/reflect2                                                 v1.0.2                                    go-module                  
github.com/morikuni/aec                                                       v1.0.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/munnerz/goautoneg                                                  v0.0.0-20191010083416-a7dc8b61c822        go-module                  
github.com/mxk/go-flowrate                                                    v0.0.0-20140419014527-cca7078d478f        go-module                  
github.com/opencontainers/go-digest                                           v1.0.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.1.1                                    go-module                  
github.com/pelletier/go-toml                                                  v1.9.5                                    go-module                  
github.com/pkg/errors                                                         v0.9.1                                    go-module                  
github.com/planetscale/vtprotobuf                                             v0.6.1-0.20240319094008-0393e58bdf10      go-module                  
github.com/pmezard/go-difflib                                                 v1.0.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.22.0                                   go-module                  
github.com/prometheus/client_model                                            v0.6.1                                    go-module                  
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.62.0                                   go-module                  
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.15.1                                   go-module                  
github.com/rivo/uniseg                                                        v0.2.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/santhosh-tekuri/jsonschema/v6                                      v6.0.1                                    go-module                  
github.com/secure-systems-lab/go-securesystemslib                             v0.6.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/serialx/hashring                                                   v0.0.0-20200727003509-22c0c7ab6b1b        go-module                  
github.com/shibumi/go-pathspec                                                v1.3.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.9.3                                    go-module                  
github.com/skratchdot/open-golang                                             v0.0.0-20200116055534-eef842397966        go-module                  
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.10.1                                   go-module                  
github.com/spf13/pflag                                                        v1.0.10                                   go-module                  
github.com/stretchr/testify                                                   v1.11.1                                   go-module                  
github.com/theupdateframework/notary                                          v0.7.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/tilt-dev/fsnotify                                                  v1.4.8-0.20220602155310-fff9c274a375      go-module                  
github.com/tonistiigi/dchapes-mode                                            v0.0.0-20250318174251-73d941a28323        go-module                  
github.com/tonistiigi/fsutil                                                  v0.0.0-20250605211040-586307ad452f        go-module                  
github.com/tonistiigi/go-csvvalue                                             v0.0.0-20240814133006-030d3b2625d0        go-module                  
github.com/tonistiigi/units                                                   v0.0.0-20180711220420-6950e57a87ea        go-module                  
github.com/tonistiigi/vt100                                                   v0.0.0-20240514184818-90bafcd6abab        go-module                  
github.com/x448/float16                                                       v0.8.4                                    go-module                  
github.com/xhit/go-str2duration/v2                                            v2.1.0                                    go-module                  
github.com/zclconf/go-cty                                                     v1.16.2                                   go-module                  
glib-networking                                                               2.80.0-1build1                            deb                        
glib-networking-common                                                        2.80.0-1build1                            deb                        
glib-networking-services                                                      2.80.0-1build1                            deb                        
gnupg                                                                         2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                         deb                        
gnupg-l10n                                                                    2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                         deb                        
gnupg-utils                                                                   2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                         deb                        
gnupg2                                                                        2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                         deb                        
go.opentelemetry.io/auto/sdk                                                  v1.1.0                                    go-module                  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.60.0                                   go-module                  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace  v0.60.0                                   go-module                  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp                 v0.60.0                                   go-module                  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.36.0                                   go-module                  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlpmetric/otlpmetricgrpc             v1.35.0                                   go-module                  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlpmetric/otlpmetrichttp             v1.35.0                                   go-module                  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.35.0                                   go-module                  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.35.0                                   go-module                  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.35.0                                   go-module                  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric                                               v1.36.0                                   go-module                  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.36.0                                   go-module                  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric                                           v1.36.0                                   go-module                  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.36.0                                   go-module                  
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v1.5.0                                    go-module                  
go.uber.org/mock                                                              v0.6.0                                    go-module                  
go.yaml.in/yaml/v3                                                            v3.0.4                                    go-module                  
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.38.0                                   go-module                  
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.40.0                                   go-module                  
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.30.0                                   go-module                  
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.17.0                                   go-module                  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.36.0                                   go-module                  
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.32.0                                   go-module                  
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.25.0                                   go-module                  
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.11.0                                   go-module                  
google.golang.org/genproto/googleapis/api                                     v0.0.0-20250528174236-200df99c418a        go-module                  
google.golang.org/genproto/googleapis/rpc                                     v0.0.0-20250528174236-200df99c418a        go-module                  
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.74.2                                   go-module                  
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.36.6                                   go-module                  
gopkg.in/evanphx/json-patch.v4                                                v4.12.0                                   go-module                  
gopkg.in/inf.v0                                                               v0.9.1                                    go-module                  
gopkg.in/ini.v1                                                               v1.67.0                                   go-module                  
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                              v3.0.1                                    go-module                  
gpg                                                                           2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                         deb                        
gpg-agent                                                                     2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                         deb                        
gpg-wks-client                                                                2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                         deb                        
gpgconf                                                                       2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                         deb                        
gpgsm                                                                         2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                         deb                        
gpgv                                                                          2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                         deb                        
grep                                                                          3.11-4build1                              deb                        
greybird-gtk-theme                                                            3.23.3-1                                  deb                        
groff-base                                                                    1.23.0-3build2                            deb                        
gsettings-desktop-schemas                                                     46.1-0ubuntu1                             deb                        
gtk-update-icon-cache                                                         3.24.41-4ubuntu1.3                        deb                        
gtk2-engines-murrine                                                          0.98.2-4                                  deb                        
gzip                                                                          1.12-1ubuntu3.1                           deb                        
hicolor-icon-theme                                                            0.17-2                                    deb                        
hostname                                                                      3.23+nmu2ubuntu2                          deb                        
httplib2                                                                      0.20.4                                    python                     
humanity-icon-theme                                                           0.6.16                                    deb                        
hunspell-en-us                                                                1:2020.12.07-2                            deb                        
init-system-helpers                                                           1.66ubuntu1                               deb                        
iso-codes                                                                     4.16.0-1                                  deb                        
jq                                                                            1.7.1                                     binary                     
jq                                                                            1.7.1-3ubuntu0.24.04.1                    deb                        
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.32.3                                   go-module                  
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.32.3                                   go-module                  
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.32.3                                   go-module                  
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.130.1                                  go-module                  
k8s.io/kube-openapi                                                           v0.0.0-20241105132330-32ad38e42d3f        go-module                  
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20241104100929-3ea5e8cea738        go-module                  
keyboard-configuration                                                        1.226ubuntu1                              deb                        
keyboxd                                                                       2.4.4-2ubuntu17.3                         deb                        
krb5-locales                                                                  1.20.1-6ubuntu2.6                         deb                        
launchpadlib                                                                  1.11.0                                    python                     
lazr-restfulclient                                                            0.14.6                                    python                     
lazr-uri                                                                      1.0.6                                     python                     
libacl1                                                                       2.3.2-1build1.1                           deb                        
libaom3                                                                       3.8.2-2ubuntu0.1                          deb                        
libapparmor1                                                                  4.0.1really4.0.1-0ubuntu0.24.04.4         deb                        
libappstream5                                                                 1.0.2-1build6                             deb                        
libapt-pkg6.0t64                                                              2.8.3                                     deb                        
libargon2-1                                                                   0~20190702+dfsg-4build1                   deb                        
libasound2-data                                                               1.2.11-1ubuntu0.1                         deb                        
libasound2-plugins                                                            1.2.7.1-1ubuntu5                          deb                        
libasound2t64                                                                 1.2.11-1ubuntu0.1                         deb                        
libaspell15                                                                   0.60.8.1-1build1                          deb                        
libassuan0                                                                    2.5.6-1build1                             deb                        
libasyncns0                                                                   0.8-6build4                               deb                        
libatk-bridge2.0-0t64                                                         2.52.0-1build1                            deb                        
libatk1.0-0t64                                                                2.52.0-1build1                            deb                        
libatspi2.0-0t64                                                              2.52.0-1build1                            deb                        
libattr1                                                                      1:2.5.2-1build1.1                         deb                        
libaudit-common                                                               1:3.1.2-2.1build1.1                       deb                        
libaudit1                                                                     1:3.1.2-2.1build1.1                       deb                        
libavahi-client3                                                              0.8-13ubuntu6                             deb                        
libavahi-common-data                                                          0.8-13ubuntu6                             deb                        
libavahi-common3                                                              0.8-13ubuntu6                             deb                        
libavcodec60                                                                  7:6.1.1-3ubuntu5                          deb                        
libavutil58                                                                   7:6.1.1-3ubuntu5                          deb                        
libayatana-ido3-0.4-0                                                         0.10.1-1build2                            deb                        
libayatana-indicator3-7                                                       0.9.4-1build1                             deb                        
libblkid1                                                                     2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                         deb                        
libbrotli1                                                                    1.1.0-2build2                             deb                        
libbsd0                                                                       0.12.1-1build1.1                          deb                        
libbz2-1.0                                                                    1.0.8-5.1build0.1                         deb                        
libc-bin                                                                      2.39-0ubuntu8.5                           deb                        
libc6                                                                         2.39-0ubuntu8.5                           deb                        
libcairo-gobject2                                                             1.18.0-3build1                            deb                        
libcairo2                                                                     1.18.0-3build1                            deb                        
libcap-ng0                                                                    0.8.4-2build2                             deb                        
libcap2                                                                       1:2.66-5ubuntu2.2                         deb                        
libcap2-bin                                                                   1:2.66-5ubuntu2.2                         deb                        
libcbor0.10                                                                   0.10.2-1.2ubuntu2                         deb                        
libcodec2-1.2                                                                 1.2.0-2build1                             deb                        
libcolord2                                                                    1.4.7-1build2                             deb                        
libcom-err2                                                                   1.47.0-2.4~exp1ubuntu4.1                  deb                        
libcrypt1                                                                     1:4.4.36-4build1                          deb                        
libcryptsetup12                                                               2:2.7.0-1ubuntu4.2                        deb                        
libcups2t64                                                                   2.4.7-1.2ubuntu7.4                        deb                        
libcurl3t64-gnutls                                                            8.5.0-2ubuntu10.6                         deb                        
libcurl4t64                                                                   8.5.0-2ubuntu10.6                         deb                        
libdatrie1                                                                    0.2.13-3build1                            deb                        
libdav1d7                                                                     1.4.1-1build1                             deb                        
libdb5.3t64                                                                   5.3.28+dfsg2-7                            deb                        
libdbus-1-3                                                                   1.14.10-4ubuntu4.1                        deb                        
libdbusmenu-glib4                                                             18.10.20180917~bzr492+repack1-3.1ubuntu5  deb                        
libdbusmenu-gtk3-4                                                            18.10.20180917~bzr492+repack1-3.1ubuntu5  deb                        
libdconf1                                                                     0.40.0-4ubuntu0.1                         deb                        
libde265-0                                                                    1.0.15-1build3                            deb                        
libdebconfclient0                                                             0.271ubuntu3                              deb                        
libdeflate0                                                                   1.19-1build1.1                            deb                        
libdevmapper1.02.1                                                            2:1.02.185-3ubuntu3.2                     deb                        
libdrm-amdgpu1                                                                2.4.122-1~ubuntu0.24.04.1                 deb                        
libdrm-common                                                                 2.4.122-1~ubuntu0.24.04.1                 deb                        
libdrm-intel1                                                                 2.4.122-1~ubuntu0.24.04.1                 deb                        
libdrm-nouveau2                                                               2.4.122-1~ubuntu0.24.04.1                 deb                        
libdrm-radeon1                                                                2.4.122-1~ubuntu0.24.04.1                 deb                        
libdrm2                                                                       2.4.122-1~ubuntu0.24.04.1                 deb                        
libduktape207                                                                 2.7.0+tests-0ubuntu3                      deb                        
libdw1t64                                                                     0.190-1.1ubuntu0.1                        deb                        
libedit2                                                                      3.1-20230828-1build1                      deb                        
libegl-mesa0                                                                  25.0.7-0ubuntu0.24.04.2                   deb                        
libegl1                                                                       1.7.0-1build1                             deb                        
libelf1t64                                                                    0.190-1.1ubuntu0.1                        deb                        
libenchant-2-2                                                                2.3.3-2build2                             deb                        
libepoxy0                                                                     1.5.10-1build1                            deb                        
libevdev2                                                                     1.13.1+dfsg-1build1                       deb                        
libexif12                                                                     0.6.24-1build2                            deb                        
libexo-2-0                                                                    4.18.0-1build4                            deb                        
libexo-common                                                                 4.18.0-1build4                            deb                        
libexpat1                                                                     2.6.1-2ubuntu0.3                          deb                        
libext2fs2t64                                                                 1.47.0-2.4~exp1ubuntu4.1                  deb                        
libfdisk1                                                                     2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                         deb                        
libffi8                                                                       3.4.6-1build1                             deb                        
libfftw3-single3                                                              3.3.10-1ubuntu3                           deb                        
libfido2-1                                                                    1.14.0-1build3                            deb                        
libflac12t64                                                                  1.4.3+ds-2.1ubuntu2                       deb                        
libfontconfig1                                                                2.15.0-1.1ubuntu2                         deb                        
libfontenc1                                                                   1:1.1.8-1build1                           deb                        
libfreetype6                                                                  2.13.2+dfsg-1build3                       deb                        
libfribidi0                                                                   1.0.13-3build1                            deb                        
libfuse2t64                                                                   2.9.9-8.1build1                           deb                        
libgarcon-1-0                                                                 4.18.1-1build3                            deb                        
libgarcon-common                                                              4.18.1-1build3                            deb                        
libgarcon-gtk3-1-0                                                            4.18.1-1build3                            deb                        
libgbm1                                                                       25.0.7-0ubuntu0.24.04.2                   deb                        
libgcc-s1                                                                     14.2.0-4ubuntu2~24.04                     deb                        
libgcrypt20                                                                   1.10.3-2build1                            deb                        
libgdbm-compat4t64                                                            1.23-5.1build1                            deb                        
libgdbm6t64                                                                   1.23-5.1build1                            deb                        
libgdk-pixbuf-2.0-0                                                           2.42.10+dfsg-3ubuntu3.2                   deb                        
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common                                                       2.42.10+dfsg-3ubuntu3.2                   deb                        
libgif7                                                                       5.2.2-1ubuntu1                            deb                        
libgirepository-1.0-1                                                         1.80.1-1                                  deb                        
libgl1                                                                        1.7.0-1build1                             deb                        
libgl1-mesa-dri                                                               25.0.7-0ubuntu0.24.04.2                   deb                        
libglib2.0-0t64                                                               2.80.0-6ubuntu3.4                         deb                        
libglib2.0-bin                                                                2.80.0-6ubuntu3.4                         deb                        
libglib2.0-data                                                               2.80.0-6ubuntu3.4                         deb                        
libglvnd0                                                                     1.7.0-1build1                             deb                        
libglx-mesa0                                                                  25.0.7-0ubuntu0.24.04.2                   deb                        
libglx0                                                                       1.7.0-1build1                             deb                        
libgmp10                                                                      2:6.3.0+dfsg-2ubuntu6.1                   deb                        
libgnutls30t64                                                                3.8.3-1.1ubuntu3.4                        deb                        
libgomp1                                                                      14.2.0-4ubuntu2~24.04                     deb                        
libgpg-error0                                                                 1.47-3build2.1                            deb                        
libgraphite2-3                                                                1.3.14-2build1                            deb                        
libgs-common                                                                  10.02.1~dfsg1-0ubuntu7.7                  deb                        
libgs10                                                                       10.02.1~dfsg1-0ubuntu7.7                  deb                        
libgs10-common                                                                10.02.1~dfsg1-0ubuntu7.7                  deb                        
libgsm1                                                                       1.0.22-1build1                            deb                        
libgspell-1-2                                                                 1.12.2-1build4                            deb                        
libgspell-1-common                                                            1.12.2-1build4                            deb                        
libgssapi-krb5-2                                                              1.20.1-6ubuntu2.6                         deb                        
libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0                                                1.24.2-1ubuntu0.3                         deb                        
libgstreamer1.0-0                                                             1.24.2-1ubuntu0.1                         deb                        
libgtk-3-0t64                                                                 3.24.41-4ubuntu1.3                        deb                        
libgtk-3-common                                                               3.24.41-4ubuntu1.3                        deb                        
libgtk2.0-0t64                                                                2.24.33-4ubuntu1.1                        deb                        
libgtk2.0-common                                                              2.24.33-4ubuntu1.1                        deb                        
libgtksourceview-4-0                                                          4.8.4-5build4                             deb                        
libgtksourceview-4-common                                                     4.8.4-5build4                             deb                        
libgtop-2.0-11                                                                2.41.3-1build4                            deb                        
libgtop2-common                                                               2.41.3-1build4                            deb                        
libgudev-1.0-0                                                                1:238-5ubuntu1                            deb                        
libharfbuzz0b                                                                 8.3.0-2build2                             deb                        
libheif-plugin-aomdec                                                         1.17.6-1ubuntu4.1                         deb                        
libheif-plugin-libde265                                                       1.17.6-1ubuntu4.1                         deb                        
libheif1                                                                      1.17.6-1ubuntu4.1                         deb                        
libhogweed6t64                                                                3.9.1-2.2build1.1                         deb                        
libhunspell-1.7-0                                                             1.7.2+really1.7.2-10build3                deb                        
libhwy1t64                                                                    1.0.7-8.1build1                           deb                        
libice6                                                                       2:1.0.10-1build3                          deb                        
libicu74                                                                      74.2-1ubuntu3.1                           deb                        
libid3tag0                                                                    0.15.1b-14build1                          deb                        
libidn12                                                                      1.42-1build1                              deb                        
libidn2-0                                                                     2.3.7-2build1.1                           deb                        
libijs-0.35                                                                   0.35-15.1build1                           deb                        
libimlib2t64                                                                  1.12.1-1.1build2                          deb                        
libisl23                                                                      0.26-3build1.1                            deb                        
libjack-jackd2-0                                                              1.9.21~dfsg-3ubuntu3                      deb                        
libjbig0                                                                      2.1-6.1ubuntu2                            deb                        
libjbig2dec0                                                                  0.20-1build3                              deb                        
libjpeg-turbo8                                                                2.1.5-2ubuntu2                            deb                        
libjpeg8                                                                      8c-2ubuntu11                              deb                        
libjq1                                                                        1.7.1-3ubuntu0.24.04.1                    deb                        
libjson-c5                                                                    0.17-1build1                              deb                        
libjson-glib-1.0-0                                                            1.8.0-2build2                             deb                        
libjson-glib-1.0-common                                                       1.8.0-2build2                             deb                        
libjxl0.7                                                                     0.7.0-10.2ubuntu6.1                       deb                        
libk5crypto3                                                                  1.20.1-6ubuntu2.6                         deb                        
libkeybinder-3.0-0                                                            0.3.2-1.1build2                           deb                        
libkeyutils1                                                                  1.6.3-3build1                             deb                        
libkmod2                                                                      31+20240202-2ubuntu7.1                    deb                        
libkrb5-3                                                                     1.20.1-6ubuntu2.6                         deb                        
libkrb5support0                                                               1.20.1-6ubuntu2.6                         deb                        
libksba8                                                                      1.6.6-1build1                             deb                        
liblcms2-2                                                                    2.14-2build1                              deb                        
libldap-common                                                                2.6.7+dfsg-1~exp1ubuntu8.2                deb                        
libldap2                                                                      2.6.7+dfsg-1~exp1ubuntu8.2                deb                        
liblerc4                                                                      4.0.0+ds-4ubuntu2                         deb                        
liblightdm-gobject-1-0                                                        1.30.0-0ubuntu14                          deb                        
libllvm20                                                                     1:20.1.2-0ubuntu1~24.04.2                 deb                        
liblocale-gettext-perl                                                        1.07-6ubuntu5                             deb                        
libltdl7                                                                      2.4.7-7build1                             deb                        
liblz4-1                                                                      1.9.4-1build1.1                           deb                        
liblzma5                                                                      5.6.1+really5.4.5-1ubuntu0.2              deb                        
libmd0                                                                        1.1.0-2build1.1                           deb                        
libmount1                                                                     2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                         deb                        
libmousepad0                                                                  0.6.1-1build2                             deb                        
libmp3lame0                                                                   3.100-6build1                             deb                        
libmpc3                                                                       1.3.1-1build1.1                           deb                        
libmpfr6                                                                      4.2.1-1build1.1                           deb                        
libmpg123-0t64                                                                1.32.5-1ubuntu1.1                         deb                        
libncursesw6                                                                  6.4+20240113-1ubuntu2                     deb                        
libnettle8t64                                                                 3.9.1-2.2build1.1                         deb                        
libnewt0.52                                                                   0.52.24-2ubuntu2                          deb                        
libnghttp2-14                                                                 1.59.0-1ubuntu0.2                         deb                        
libnotify4                                                                    0.8.3-1build2                             deb                        
libnpth0t64                                                                   1.6-3.1build1                             deb                        
libnuma1                                                                      2.0.18-1build1                            deb                        
libobrender32v5                                                               3.6.1-12build5                            deb                        
libobt2v5                                                                     3.6.1-12build5                            deb                        
libogg0                                                                       1.3.5-3build1                             deb                        
libonig5                                                                      6.9.9-1build1                             deb                        
libopenjp2-7                                                                  2.5.0-2ubuntu0.4                          deb                        
libopus0                                                                      1.4-1build1                               deb                        
liborc-0.4-0t64                                                               1:0.4.38-1ubuntu0.1                       deb                        
libp11-kit0                                                                   0.25.3-4ubuntu2.1                         deb                        
libpackagekit-glib2-18                                                        1.2.8-2ubuntu1.2                          deb                        
libpam-modules                                                                1.5.3-5ubuntu5.4                          deb                        
libpam-modules-bin                                                            1.5.3-5ubuntu5.4                          deb                        
libpam-runtime                                                                1.5.3-5ubuntu5.4                          deb                        
libpam-systemd                                                                255.4-1ubuntu8.10                         deb                        
libpam0g                                                                      1.5.3-5ubuntu5.4                          deb                        
libpango-1.0-0                                                                1.52.1+ds-1build1                         deb                        
libpangocairo-1.0-0                                                           1.52.1+ds-1build1                         deb                        
libpangoft2-1.0-0                                                             1.52.1+ds-1build1                         deb                        
libpangoxft-1.0-0                                                             1.52.1+ds-1build1                         deb                        
libpaper1                                                                     1.1.29build1                              deb                        
libpciaccess0                                                                 0.17-3ubuntu0.24.04.2                     deb                        
libpcre2-8-0                                                                  10.42-4ubuntu2.1                          deb                        
libperl5.38t64                                                                5.38.2-3.2ubuntu0.2                       deb                        
libpipeline1                                                                  1.5.7-2                                   deb                        
libpixman-1-0                                                                 0.42.2-1build1                            deb                        
libplymouth5                                                                  24.004.60-1ubuntu7.1                      deb                        
libpng16-16t64                                                                1.6.43-5build1                            deb                        
libpolkit-agent-1-0                                                           124-2ubuntu1.24.04.2                      deb                        
libpolkit-gobject-1-0                                                         124-2ubuntu1.24.04.2                      deb                        
libproc2-0                                                                    2:4.0.4-4ubuntu3.2                        deb                        
libproxy1v5                                                                   0.5.4-4build1                             deb                        
libpsl5t64                                                                    0.21.2-1.1build1                          deb                        
libpthread-stubs0-dev                                                         0.4-1build3                               deb                        
libpulse-mainloop-glib0                                                       1:16.1+dfsg1-2ubuntu10.1                  deb                        
libpulse0                                                                     1:16.1+dfsg1-2ubuntu10.1                  deb                        
libpython3-stdlib                                                             3.12.3-0ubuntu2                           deb                        
libpython3.12-minimal                                                         3.12.3-1ubuntu0.8                         deb                        
libpython3.12-stdlib                                                          3.12.3-1ubuntu0.8                         deb                        
librav1e0                                                                     0.7.1-2                                   deb                        
libreadline8t64                                                               8.2-4build1                               deb                        
librsvg2-2                                                                    2.58.0+dfsg-1build1                       deb                        
librtmp1                                                                      2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2build7         deb                        
libsamplerate0                                                                0.2.2-4build1                             deb                        
libsasl2-2                                                                    2.1.28+dfsg1-5ubuntu3.1                   deb                        
libsasl2-modules                                                              2.1.28+dfsg1-5ubuntu3.1                   deb                        
libsasl2-modules-db                                                           2.1.28+dfsg1-5ubuntu3.1                   deb                        
libseccomp2                                                                   2.5.5-1ubuntu3.1                          deb                        
libselinux1                                                                   3.5-2ubuntu2.1                            deb                        
libsemanage-common                                                            3.5-1build5                               deb                        
libsemanage2                                                                  3.5-1build5                               deb                        
libsensors-config                                                             1:3.6.0-9build1                           deb                        
libsensors5                                                                   1:3.6.0-9build1                           deb                        
libsepol2                                                                     3.5-2build1                               deb                        
libsharpyuv0                                                                  1.3.2-0.4build3                           deb                        
libshine3                                                                     3.1.1-2build1                             deb                        
libsigsegv2                                                                   2.14-1ubuntu2                             deb                        
libslang2                                                                     2.3.3-3build2                             deb                        
libsm6                                                                        2:1.2.3-1build3                           deb                        
libsmartcols1                                                                 2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                         deb                        
libsnapd-glib-2-1                                                             1.64-0ubuntu5                             deb                        
libsnappy1v5                                                                  1.1.10-1build1                            deb                        
libsndfile1                                                                   1.2.2-1ubuntu5.24.04.1                    deb                        
libsoup-3.0-0                                                                 3.4.4-5ubuntu0.5                          deb                        
libsoup-3.0-common                                                            3.4.4-5ubuntu0.5                          deb                        
libsoxr0                                                                      0.1.3-4build3                             deb                        
libspectre1                                                                   0.2.12-1build2                            deb                        
libspeex1                                                                     1.2.1-2ubuntu2.24.04.1                    deb                        
libspeexdsp1                                                                  1.2.1-1ubuntu3                            deb                        
libsqlite3-0                                                                  3.45.1-1ubuntu2.5                         deb                        
libss2                                                                        1.47.0-2.4~exp1ubuntu4.1                  deb                        
libssh-4                                                                      0.10.6-2ubuntu0.1                         deb                        
libssl3t64                                                                    3.0.13-0ubuntu3.5                         deb                        
libstartup-notification0                                                      0.12-6build3                              deb                        
libstdc++6                                                                    14.2.0-4ubuntu2~24.04                     deb                        
libstemmer0d                                                                  2.2.0-4build1                             deb                        
libsvtav1enc1d1                                                               1.7.0+dfsg-2build1                        deb                        
libswresample4                                                                7:6.1.1-3ubuntu5                          deb                        
libsystemd-shared                                                             255.4-1ubuntu8.10                         deb                        
libsystemd0                                                                   255.4-1ubuntu8.10                         deb                        
libtasn1-6                                                                    4.19.0-3ubuntu0.24.04.1                   deb                        
libtdb1                                                                       1.4.10-1build1                            deb                        
libtext-iconv-perl                                                            1.7-8build3                               deb                        
libthai-data                                                                  0.1.29-2build1                            deb                        
libthai0                                                                      0.1.29-2build1                            deb                        
libtheora0                                                                    1.1.1+dfsg.1-16.1build3                   deb                        
libthunarx-3-0                                                                4.18.8-1build3                            deb                        
libtiff6                                                                      4.5.1+git230720-4ubuntu2.3                deb                        
libtinfo6                                                                     6.4+20240113-1ubuntu2                     deb                        
libtwolame0                                                                   0.4.0-2build3                             deb                        
libuchardet0                                                                  0.0.8-1build1                             deb                        
libudev1                                                                      255.4-1ubuntu8.10                         deb                        
libunistring5                                                                 1.1-2build1.1                             deb                        
libunwind8                                                                    1.6.2-3build1.1                           deb                        
libupower-glib3                                                               1.90.3-1                                  deb                        
libutempter0                                                                  1.2.1-3build1                             deb                        
libuuid1                                                                      2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                         deb                        
libva-drm2                                                                    2.20.0-2build1                            deb                        
libva-x11-2                                                                   2.20.0-2build1                            deb                        
libva2                                                                        2.20.0-2build1                            deb                        
libvdpau1                                                                     1.5-2build1                               deb                        
libvorbis0a                                                                   1.3.7-1build3                             deb                        
libvorbisenc2                                                                 1.3.7-1build3                             deb                        
libvpl2                                                                       2023.3.0-1build1                          deb                        
libvpx9                                                                       1.14.0-1ubuntu2.2                         deb                        
libvte-2.91-0                                                                 0.76.0-1ubuntu0.1                         deb                        
libvte-2.91-common                                                            0.76.0-1ubuntu0.1                         deb                        
libvulkan1                                                                    1.3.275.0-1build1                         deb                        
libwayland-client0                                                            1.22.0-2.1build1                          deb                        
libwayland-cursor0                                                            1.22.0-2.1build1                          deb                        
libwayland-egl1                                                               1.22.0-2.1build1                          deb                        
libwayland-server0                                                            1.22.0-2.1build1                          deb                        
libwebp7                                                                      1.3.2-0.4build3                           deb                        
libwebpdemux2                                                                 1.3.2-0.4build3                           deb                        
libwebpmux3                                                                   1.3.2-0.4build3                           deb                        
libwebrtc-audio-processing1                                                   0.3.1-0ubuntu6                            deb                        
libwnck-3-0                                                                   43.0-3build4                              deb                        
libwnck-3-common                                                              43.0-3build4                              deb                        
libwrap0                                                                      7.6.q-33                                  deb                        
libx11-6                                                                      2:1.8.7-1build1                           deb                        
libx11-data                                                                   2:1.8.7-1build1                           deb                        
libx11-dev                                                                    2:1.8.7-1build1                           deb                        
libx11-xcb1                                                                   2:1.8.7-1build1                           deb                        
libx264-164                                                                   2:0.164.3108+git31e19f9-1                 deb                        
libx265-199                                                                   3.5-2build1                               deb                        
libxau-dev                                                                    1:1.0.9-1build6                           deb                        
libxau6                                                                       1:1.0.9-1build6                           deb                        
libxaw7                                                                       2:1.0.14-1build2                          deb                        
libxcb-damage0                                                                1.15-1ubuntu2                             deb                        
libxcb-dri2-0                                                                 1.15-1ubuntu2                             deb                        
libxcb-dri3-0                                                                 1.15-1ubuntu2                             deb                        
libxcb-glx0                                                                   1.15-1ubuntu2                             deb                        
libxcb-present0                                                               1.15-1ubuntu2                             deb                        
libxcb-randr0                                                                 1.15-1ubuntu2                             deb                        
libxcb-render0                                                                1.15-1ubuntu2                             deb                        
libxcb-shape0                                                                 1.15-1ubuntu2                             deb                        
libxcb-shm0                                                                   1.15-1ubuntu2                             deb                        
libxcb-sync1                                                                  1.15-1ubuntu2                             deb                        
libxcb-util1                                                                  0.4.0-1build3                             deb                        
libxcb-xfixes0                                                                1.15-1ubuntu2                             deb                        
libxcb1                                                                       1.15-1ubuntu2                             deb                        
libxcb1-dev                                                                   1.15-1ubuntu2                             deb                        
libxcomposite1                                                                1:0.4.5-1build3                           deb                        
libxcursor1                                                                   1:1.2.1-1build1                           deb                        
libxcvt0                                                                      0.1.2-1build1                             deb                        
libxdamage1                                                                   1:1.1.6-1build1                           deb                        
libxdmcp-dev                                                                  1:1.1.3-0ubuntu6                          deb                        
libxdmcp6                                                                     1:1.1.3-0ubuntu6                          deb                        
libxext6                                                                      2:1.3.4-1build2                           deb                        
libxfce4panel-2.0-4                                                           4.18.4-1ubuntu0.1                         deb                        
libxfce4ui-2-0                                                                4.18.4-1build4                            deb                        
libxfce4ui-common                                                             4.18.4-1build4                            deb                        
libxfce4ui-utils                                                              4.18.4-1build4                            deb                        
libxfce4util-common                                                           4.18.1-2build3                            deb                        
libxfce4util7                                                                 4.18.1-2build3                            deb                        
libxfconf-0-3                                                                 4.18.1-1build3                            deb                        
libxfixes3                                                                    1:6.0.0-2build1                           deb                        
libxfont2                                                                     1:2.0.6-1build1                           deb                        
libxft2                                                                       2.3.6-1build1                             deb                        
libxi6                                                                        2:1.8.1-1build1                           deb                        
libxinerama1                                                                  2:1.1.4-3build1                           deb                        
libxkbcommon0                                                                 1.6.0-1build1                             deb                        
libxkbfile1                                                                   1:1.1.0-1build4                           deb                        
libxklavier16                                                                 5.4-5build2                               deb                        
libxml2                                                                       2.9.14+dfsg-1.3ubuntu3.5                  deb                        
libxmlb2                                                                      0.3.18-1                                  deb                        
libxmu6                                                                       2:1.1.3-3build2                           deb                        
libxmuu1                                                                      2:1.1.3-3build2                           deb                        
libxpm4                                                                       1:3.5.17-1build2                          deb                        
libxpresent1                                                                  1.0.0-2build2                             deb                        
libxrandr2                                                                    2:1.5.2-2build1                           deb                        
libxrender1                                                                   1:0.9.10-1.1build1                        deb                        
libxres1                                                                      2:1.2.1-1build1                           deb                        
libxshmfence1                                                                 1.3-1build5                               deb                        
libxss1                                                                       1:1.2.3-1build3                           deb                        
libxt6t64                                                                     1:1.2.1-1.2build1                         deb                        
libxtst6                                                                      2:1.2.3-1.1build1                         deb                        
libxv1                                                                        2:1.0.11-1.1build1                        deb                        
libxvidcore4                                                                  2:1.3.7-1build1                           deb                        
libxvmc1                                                                      2:1.0.12-2build3                          deb                        
libxxf86dga1                                                                  2:1.1.5-1build1                           deb                        
libxxf86vm1                                                                   1:1.1.4-1build4                           deb                        
libxxhash0                                                                    0.8.2-2build1                             deb                        
libyaml-0-2                                                                   0.2.5-1build1                             deb                        
libzstd1                                                                      1.5.5+dfsg2-2build1.1                     deb                        
libzvbi-common                                                                0.2.42-2                                  deb                        
libzvbi0t64                                                                   0.2.42-2                                  deb                        
lightdm-gtk-greeter                                                           2.0.9-0ubuntu3                            deb                        
locales                                                                       2.39-0ubuntu8.5                           deb                        
locales-all                                                                   2.39-0ubuntu8.5                           deb                        
login                                                                         1:4.13+dfsg1-4ubuntu3.2                   deb                        
logsave                                                                       1.47.0-2.4~exp1ubuntu4.1                  deb                        
lsb-release                                                                   12.0-2                                    deb                        
man-db                                                                        2.12.0-4build2                            deb                        
mawk                                                                          1.3.4.20240123-1build1                    deb                        
media-types                                                                   10.1.0                                    deb                        
mesa-libgallium                                                               25.0.7-0ubuntu0.24.04.2                   deb                        
mesa-va-drivers                                                               25.0.7-0ubuntu0.24.04.2                   deb                        
mesa-vulkan-drivers                                                           25.0.7-0ubuntu0.24.04.2                   deb                        
mount                                                                         2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                         deb                        
mousepad                                                                      0.6.1-1build2                             deb                        
ncurses-base                                                                  6.4+20240113-1ubuntu2                     deb                        
ncurses-bin                                                                   6.4+20240113-1ubuntu2                     deb                        
netbase                                                                       6.4                                       deb                        
netcat-openbsd                                                                1.226-1ubuntu2                            deb                        
numix-gtk-theme                                                               2.6.7-7                                   deb                        
oauthlib                                                                      3.2.2                                     python                     
ocl-icd-libopencl1                                                            2.3.2-1build1                             deb                        
openbox                                                                       3.6.1-12build5                            deb                        
openssh-client                                                                1:9.6p1-3ubuntu13.14                      deb                        
openssl                                                                       3.0.13-0ubuntu3.5                         deb                        
packagekit                                                                    1.2.8-2ubuntu1.2                          deb                        
passwd                                                                        1:4.13+dfsg1-4ubuntu3.2                   deb                        
perl                                                                          5.38.2-3.2ubuntu0.2                       deb                        
perl-base                                                                     5.38.2-3.2ubuntu0.2                       deb                        
perl-modules-5.38                                                             5.38.2-3.2ubuntu0.2                       deb                        
pinentry-curses                                                               1.2.1-3ubuntu5                            deb                        
plymouth                                                                      24.004.60-1ubuntu7.1                      deb                        
plymouth-label                                                                24.004.60-1ubuntu7.1                      deb                        
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-text                                                    24.004.60-1ubuntu7.1                      deb                        
plymouth-theme-xubuntu-logo                                                   24.04.1                                   deb                        
plymouth-theme-xubuntu-text                                                   24.04.1                                   deb                        
polkitd                                                                       124-2ubuntu1.24.04.2                      deb                        
poppler-data                                                                  0.4.12-1                                  deb                        
procps                                                                        2:4.0.4-4ubuntu3.2                        deb                        
publicsuffix                                                                  20231001.0357-0.1                         deb                        
pulseaudio                                                                    1:16.1+dfsg1-2ubuntu10.1                  deb                        
pulseaudio-utils                                                              1:16.1+dfsg1-2ubuntu10.1                  deb                        
pygobject                                                                     3.48.2                                    python                     
pyjwt                                                                         2.7.0                                     python                     
pyparsing                                                                     3.1.1                                     python                     
python-apt                                                                    2.7.7+ubuntu5                             python                     
python-apt-common                                                             2.7.7ubuntu5                              deb                        
python3                                                                       3.12.3-0ubuntu2                           deb                        
python3-apt                                                                   2.7.7ubuntu5                              deb                        
python3-blinker                                                               1.7.0-1                                   deb                        
python3-cffi-backend                                                          1.16.0-2build1                            deb                        
python3-cryptography                                                          41.0.7-4ubuntu0.1                         deb                        
python3-dbus                                                                  1.3.2-5build3                             deb                        
python3-distro                                                                1.9.0-1                                   deb                        
python3-gi                                                                    3.48.2-1                                  deb                        
python3-httplib2                                                              0.20.4-3                                  deb                        
python3-jwt                                                                   2.7.0-1                                   deb                        
python3-launchpadlib                                                          1.11.0-6                                  deb                        
python3-lazr.restfulclient                                                    0.14.6-1                                  deb                        
python3-lazr.uri                                                              1.0.6-3                                   deb                        
python3-minimal                                                               3.12.3-0ubuntu2                           deb                        
python3-oauthlib                                                              3.2.2-1                                   deb                        
python3-pkg-resources                                                         68.1.2-2ubuntu1.2                         deb                        
python3-pyparsing                                                             3.1.1-1                                   deb                        
python3-six                                                                   1.16.0-4                                  deb                        
python3-software-properties                                                   0.99.49.3                                 deb                        
python3-urllib3                                                               2.0.7-1ubuntu0.2                          deb                        
python3-wadllib                                                               1.3.6-5                                   deb                        
python3.12                                                                    3.12.3-1ubuntu0.8                         deb                        
python3.12-minimal                                                            3.12.3-1ubuntu0.8                         deb                        
readline-common                                                               8.2-4build1                               deb                        
sed                                                                           4.9-2build1                               deb                        
sensible-utils                                                                0.0.22                                    deb                        
session-migration                                                             0.3.9build1                               deb                        
sgml-base                                                                     1.31                                      deb                        
shared-mime-info                                                              2.4-4                                     deb                        
shimmer-themes                                                                2.1.3build1                               deb                        
sigs.k8s.io/json                                                              v0.0.0-20241010143419-9aa6b5e7a4b3        go-module                  
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.4.2                                    go-module                  
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                              v1.4.0                                    go-module                  
six                                                                           1.16.0                                    python                     
software-properties-common                                                    0.99.49.3                                 deb                        
ssl-cert                                                                      1.1.2ubuntu1                              deb                        
stdlib                                                                        go1.24.7                                  go-module  (+1 duplicate)  
sudo                                                                          1.9.15p5-3ubuntu5.24.04.1                 deb                        
systemd                                                                       255.4-1ubuntu8.10                         deb                        
systemd-dev                                                                   255.4-1ubuntu8.10                         deb                        
systemd-sysv                                                                  255.4-1ubuntu8.10                         deb                        
sysvinit-utils                                                                3.08-6ubuntu3                             deb                        
tags.cncf.io/container-device-interface                                       v1.0.1                                    go-module                  
tar                                                                           1.35+dfsg-3build1                         deb                        
thunar                                                                        4.18.8-1build3                            deb                        
thunar-data                                                                   4.18.8-1build3                            deb                        
tzdata                                                                        2025b-0ubuntu0.24.04.1                    deb                        
ubuntu-keyring                                                                2023.11.28.1                              deb                        
ubuntu-mono                                                                   24.04-0ubuntu1                            deb                        
ucf                                                                           3.0043+nmu1                               deb                        
udev                                                                          255.4-1ubuntu8.10                         deb                        
unminimize                                                                    0.2.1                                     deb                        
urllib3                                                                       2.0.7                                     python                     
util-linux                                                                    2.39.3-9ubuntu6.3                         deb                        
wadllib                                                                       1.3.6                                     python                     
x11-apps                                                                      7.7+11build3                              deb                        
x11-common                                                                    1:7.7+23ubuntu3                           deb                        
x11-session-utils                                                             7.7+6build2                               deb                        
x11-utils                                                                     7.7+6build2                               deb                        
x11-xkb-utils                                                                 7.7+8build2                               deb                        
x11-xserver-utils                                                             7.7+10build2                              deb                        
x11proto-dev                                                                  2023.2-1                                  deb                        
xbitmaps                                                                      1.1.1-2.2                                 deb                        
xfce4                                                                         4.18                                      deb                        
xfce4-appfinder                                                               4.18.0-1build2                            deb                        
xfce4-helpers                                                                 4.18.4-0ubuntu3                           deb                        
xfce4-panel                                                                   4.18.4-1ubuntu0.1                         deb                        
xfce4-pulseaudio-plugin                                                       0.4.8-1build2                             deb                        
xfce4-session                                                                 4.18.3-1build2                            deb                        
xfce4-settings                                                                4.18.4-0ubuntu3                           deb                        
xfce4-terminal                                                                1.1.3-1build1                             deb                        
xfconf                                                                        4.18.1-1build3                            deb                        
xfdesktop4                                                                    4.18.1-1build3                            deb                        
xfdesktop4-data                                                               4.18.1-1build3                            deb                        
xfonts-base                                                                   1:1.0.5+nmu1                              deb                        
xfonts-encodings                                                              1:1.0.5-0ubuntu2                          deb                        
xfonts-utils                                                                  1:7.7+6build3                             deb                        
xfwm4                                                                         4.18.0-1build3                            deb                        
xkb-data                                                                      2.41-2ubuntu1.1                           deb                        
xml-core                                                                      0.19                                      deb                        
xorg-sgml-doctools                                                            1:1.11-1.1                                deb                        
xorgxrdp                                                                      1:0.9.19-1                                deb                        
xrdp                                                                          0.9.24-4                                  deb                        
xserver-common                                                                2:21.1.12-1ubuntu1.4                      deb                        
xserver-xorg-core                                                             2:21.1.12-1ubuntu1.4                      deb                        
xserver-xorg-video-amdgpu                                                     23.0.0-1build1                            deb                        
xserver-xorg-video-ati                                                        1:22.0.0-1build1                          deb                        
xserver-xorg-video-intel                                                      2:2.99.917+git20210115-1build1            deb                        
xserver-xorg-video-nouveau                                                    1:1.0.17-2ubuntu0.1                       deb                        
xserver-xorg-video-qxl                                                        0.1.6-1build1                             deb                        
xserver-xorg-video-radeon                                                     1:22.0.0-1build1                          deb                        
xterm                                                                         390-1ubuntu3                              deb                        
xtrans-dev                                                                    1.4.0-1                                   deb                        
xubuntu-artwork                                                               24.04.1                                   deb                        
xubuntu-default-settings                                                      24.04.4                                   deb                        
xubuntu-icon-theme                                                            24.04.1                                   deb                        
xubuntu-wallpapers                                                            24.04.1                                   deb                        
xutils                                                                        1:7.7+23ubuntu3                           deb                        
zlib1g                                                                        1:1.3.dfsg-3.1ubuntu2.1                   deb                        
